doc(release) Release notes gorgone 23.04.17 (#4125)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Gorgone

### 23.04.17

Release date: `February 26, 2025`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Packaging] Fixed centreon-engine restart issue on poller caused by a missing service binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Packaging] Fixed centreon-engine restart issue affecting pollers, caused by a missing service binary.
```
